readme.md, before:

# Bones
A Lightweight Wordpress Development Theme

Bones is designed to make the life of developers easier. It's built
using HTML5 & has a strong semantic foundation.
It's constantly growing so be sure to check back often if you are a
frequent user. I'm always open to contribution. :)

Designed by Eddie Machado
http://themble.com/bones

License: WTFPL
License URI: http://sam.zoy.org/wtfpl/
Are You Serious? Yes.

#### Special Thanks to:
Paul Irish & the HTML5 Boilerplate
Yoast for some WP functions & optimization ideas
Andrew Rogers for code optimization
David Dellanave for speed & code optimization
and several other developers. :)

#### Submit Bugs & or Fixes:
https://github.com/eddiemachado/bones/issues

To view Release & Update Notes, read the CHANGELOG.md file in the main folder.

For more news and to see why my parents constantly ask me what I'm
doing with my life, follow me on twitter: @eddiemachado

## Helpful Tools & Links

Yeoman generator to quickly install Bones Wordpress starter theme into your Wordpress theme folder
by 0dp
https://github.com/0dp/generator-wp-bones

Commit message:

Updates to CSS
Ready for the first test with WP Pusher

readme.md, after:

# olliepalmer.com Wordpress Theme

This is a Wordpress theme for my personal website, [olliepalmer.com](https://olliepalmer.com). It's built on [Bones](), an excellent development theme from Eddie Machado (repo available [here](https://github.com/squibbleFish/theme-bones)).

This repo is probably not useful to anyone except myself. I made the theme >5 years ago, quite patchily, and haven't made any significant changes since then. However, in wanting to add minor updates to the site, I questioned why I was still using a dodgy development pipeline with FTP and dragging-and-dropping, when everything else seems to work quite well via Github these days. So, here we are, version 5.1 of the theme, in which I make and test changes locally, push them to Github and automatically pull them to my website. Almost how it should have been done all along.


Feel free to take this design and do something with it, if you can. Although, honestly, you're better off starting with the Bones theme and building your own, because mine is held together with gaffa tape and cable ties.

----

Here's the original readme from Bones:

----

# Bones
A Lightweight Wordpress Development Theme

Bones is designed to make the life of developers easier. It's built
using HTML5 & has a strong semantic foundation.
It's constantly growing so be sure to check back often if you are a
frequent user. I'm always open to contribution. :)

Designed by Eddie Machado
http://themble.com/bones

License: WTFPL
License URI: http://sam.zoy.org/wtfpl/
Are You Serious? Yes.

#### Special Thanks to:
Paul Irish & the HTML5 Boilerplate
Yoast for some WP functions & optimization ideas
Andrew Rogers for code optimization
David Dellanave for speed & code optimization
and several other developers. :)

#### Submit Bugs & or Fixes:
https://github.com/eddiemachado/bones/issues

To view Release & Update Notes, read the CHANGELOG.md file in the main folder.

For more news and to see why my parents constantly ask me what I'm
doing with my life, follow me on twitter: @eddiemachado

## Helpful Tools & Links

Yeoman generator to quickly install Bones Wordpress starter theme into your Wordpress theme folder
by 0dp
https://github.com/0dp/generator-wp-bones
